


# Question background

In recent years, we are pleased to see many breakthroughs in the field of AI4Science, such as Alpha-Fold, which solves protein folding problems, DeePMD-kit, which simulates the movement of 100 million atoms with high precision, and DPA-1, a pre-trained model covering the periodic table of elements. Maximize multiple materials and large-scale models Uni-Mol for biomedical tasks, etc. We firmly believe that AI tools will set off a new wave in the field of natural science, and AI4Science scientific research results will affect the lives of each of us. 

Regrettably, these futuristic achievements are limited by their scientific attributes and lack some "fireworks". They have not been able to enter the market and become a talk after dinner like ChatGPT. In this regard, we sincerely invite all evangelists to work with the DeepModeling community to bring AI4Science knowledge to life this summer! Unleash the infinite possibilities of AI4Science together!

**In this track, we encourage contestants to share their learning results during the Hackathon in an easy-to-understand manner, share their experience of using the AI4Science software, and share their new insights and new thinking about AI4Science. Let's pass on AI4Science knowledge together and witness the upgrading of scientific research tools in the era of artificial intelligence!**


## Competition Requirements

This track allows contestants to open their minds and choose any creative content related to AI4Science, such as:


- The underlying logic of advanced algorithms

- Experience in using mature AI software

- Frontier progress and application areas

- The bitter course of literature reproduction

My own thinking and practice on AI4Science


**We encourage all forms of content creation, including but not limited to:**


- Notebook notes

- Bilibili popular science video

- Zhihu high-quality articles

- Xiaohongshu Literature Recovery Diary

- YouTube video


**This track does not set any boundaries for the imagination of the players! We will comprehensively consider the scientific attributes, innovation and potential dissemination of the works.**
In order to let students have more creativity on this track, here are some suggestions for the direction and form of topic selection, so as to attract others.



- **Direction 1: Learn knowledge and "run"**

Learning AI4Science requires a powerful and easy-to-use tool. In this regard, we released the Notebook Case Plaza in May this year, innovatively integrating the interactive programming environment into the Bohrium scientific research platform, bringing a new learning experience to AI4Science beginners. In just two months, the Notebook Case Plaza has gathered hundreds of excellent cases in molecular dynamics, deep learning, chemistry and bioinformatics, materials computing and image characterization. 

This direction encourages everyone to experience the cutting-edge AI4Science model on Notebook, record AI4Science experience, practice AI4Science creativity, and let learning knowledge "run"!

- **Direction 2: "Writing" community tutorials**

With the development of the DeepModeling community, more and more teachers and students have learning needs of community software. For example, there are a large number of teachers and students in the related communities of DeePMD-kit, ABACUS, DMFF, and DeepFlame discussing related issues. Discussions in WeChat groups are certainly a good means of learning, but in order for more people to see them, we encourage everyone to jointly build community learning documents, and implement their own learning and scientific research experience into learning documents so that more people can To learn, to be able to see. 

This direction encourages everyone to turn the cases generated by their past (or current) learning and use of relevant community software into written materials. On the one hand, the process of writing materials will help them organize their thoughts, and on the other hand, it will also facilitate more people to follow along.

- **Direction 3: "tell" the wonderful content**

With the emergence of exciting achievements of AI4Science, the need for learning related knowledge is becoming more and more urgent. On the one hand, young students eagerly hope that someone can impart AI4Science-related knowledge to themselves; on the other hand, the public also hopes to understand the past and present of AI4Science from the perspective of popular science. 

This direction encourages everyone to teach AI4Science related courses in the form of course videos, and clearly "tell" the exciting content of AI4Science!

- **Direction 4: Make knowledge dissemination "cool"**

A number of excellent popular science works have already emerged in today's huge content market. For example, Dao Bi and student He’s creative ideas of “theory and practice”, drawing tools such as Procreate, and the Manim visualization tool developed by 3Blue1Brown are also used to make video science popularization. In the field of AI4Science, in addition to the above-mentioned Notebook note-taking tools, some people try to combine the molecular world with VR and game engines (Unity), which is full of sense of technology! 

In short, this direction encourages content producers to use rich content creation experience and cool visualization technology to make AI4Science cool!

[Click here to view the detailed competition content](https://dptechnology.feishu.cn/docx/Rl03dnIqqomF0Fx8FjgcVhnonRd?from=from_copylink)

## Final exchange activities:

"Evangelist Face to Face"

We understand that many students have some doubts about evangelism work, such as:

1. I don’t know whether my sermon works can be successfully digested by newcomers in the field.

2. Encountered technical problems, such as operating problems related to NoteBook, etc.

3. Not sure if there are any scientific flaws in your sermons

In order to help everyone solve the above problems, we decided to launch an informal 👨🏻‍🏫preacher face-to-face👩🏻‍🏫 event. The specific arrangements are as follows:

[Click here to view the details](https://ucoyxk075n.feishu.cn/docx/VA7QdoF2zorT5kxUbWAcs7jrn9g)
